update image tag in manifest (#49474)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

liveness probes to detect and remedy such situations.

In this exercise, you create a Pod that runs a container based on the

> `registry.k8s.io/busybox:1.27.2` image. Here is the configuration file for the Pod:

Reviewer: Thanks for working on this, @iheartNathan. I don't know if you have tried to use the `latest` tag lately, but it's [working now](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/website/main/content/en/examples/pods/probe/exec-liveness.yaml).

To avoid the issue again, we need to stick to a specific busybox image version as @sftim suggested. But, it may not be great to use an image version, `1.27.2`, from [17 August 2017](https://www.busybox.net). There would have been a lot of bug fixes or added features to it since then.

The most recent stable version, `1.36.1`, is from [19 May 2023](https://www.busybox.net).

Since `registry.k8s.io` doesn't contain the most recent stable version, we may need to use the [default](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#image-names) docker public registry.

Let me know what you think.

```suggestion
`busybox:1.36.1` image. Here is the configuration file for the Pod:
```

Author: About the image working or not see https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/49406#issuecomment-2597825660 and https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/49406#issuecomment-2598040730 and https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/49406#issuecomment-2598159795
`registry.k8s.io/busybox:1.27.2` has no CVE according to `trivy image` scan and `registry.k8s.io/busybox:1.27.2` is stable, you're right though a more recent image might be best but the image should be from `registry.k8s.io` based on https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/49523#issue-2803207921 and https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/11/28/registry-k8s-io-faster-cheaper-ga/
